[theme music playing]
[Bertie's stomach growling]
Hey, Hubie!
I'm... I'm so hungry.
I ain't gonna make it.
Go on without me, Hubie.
I'm done for!
Snap out of it, Bertie.
Snap out of it!
I said I was gonna find us food, didn't I?
Look!
Cheese!
Calm down, calm down!
Look. See?
What did I tell ya?
[shopkeeper] Ah,  mein  perfect cheeses.
Each slice a painstakingly intricate work of art.
Und  that is why I've hired you to look after them
while I go beddy-bye.
Und  you better keep them safe.
When I see any of my perfect cheeses vandalized,
I go crah-zzinphrapin!!!
Looks like we ain't gonna be getting' any cheese
outta that cheese shop with that cat in the way.
What did I do? What did I do?
You talk too much.
Now, listen!
We ain't takin' the cheese out of the cheese shop.
We're not?
Nuh-uh.
We're gonna get rid of that cat, see?
-Huh? -Come here.
Here's what we do. [whispering]
[chuckling] Riot!
[shopkeeper] Claude?
What exactly are you doing, hmm?
So, trying to get a freebie, hey?
I thought I told you to keep my cheeses in perfect condition!
If you so much as scratch one more of my perfect cheeses,
out you go with the rest of the stinky trash!
[door slams]
Come on, Bert.
Time to cause some more mis-cheese.
[Bertie chuckles] Yeah!
[shopkeeper] Claude? Is that you making noise again?
Everything in order?
Hmm... Okay, then. But no more funny stuff!
[door slams]
Phew!
Bring over that Winnimere, Bert.
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure.
Yeow!
Hey, cat!
[clears throat]
Gee, Hubie, you're a natural  artiste.
Hey, thanks.
I learned from watching cartoons!
[Hubie whistles]
[Hubie] Squeak, squeak, squeak!
Squeak, squeak, squeak!
[whistles]
Uh, squeak!
[panting]
Hey, Bert, come here!
Help me turn up the heat!
Phew!
[gasping]
[alarm rings]
[shopkeeper] Claude! What's causing that racket?
Mein  cheeses better be in pristine condition.
Enough! I am coming down there immediately!
Right after I put on my shoes.
Und  my lederhosen!
Just  ein  moment!
I've got a hangnail that's bothering me. [shouts]
Okay, here I am coming!
[panting]
Oh-ho! Taking a nap, hmm?
Well, at least my cheeses are still in perfect shape, I see.
Everything looks in order here, I suppose.
I guess I'll go back to  mein  sleeping.
[shopkeeper] Eh?
What was that?
Claude... what is that you are having in your mouth?
Oh, yes. Open your mouth, now!
[explosion]
That is the last straw!
Out, out, out!
Now then, you are my new guard kitty.
I know you will keep my cheese safe from the mice.
It'd be a real tragedy if some mice got in here.
Yeah. It'd be a darn shame!
[laughs]
[humming]
[police sirens approaching]
[sputtering] Pull over!
[brakes squeal]
What seems to be the problem, Officer?
I'm gonna have to see your driver's license, sir.
Certainly. Here you are.
Um, this is a boating license, sir!
Of course it is!
What do you think I'm drivin' here, buddy?
[whooping]
[theme music playing]
Okay, Cicero, ready to learn how to bowl?
Bowling? More like boring!
Hey, give that back!
No! We won't be playing any virtual games today.
We're here to play a real game.
Come on, Cicero. Just try to have some fun.
[exhales deeply]
Okay.
[chuckles] That's the spirit.
Now, please get me a ball.
[blows raspberry]
[grunting]
[laughing]
Maybe bowling isn't so boring after all.
Cicero, that was not funny.
Sorry, Uncle Porky.
I'll try to be more careful next time.
That's okay, Cicero.
Why don't you have a seat and see how it's done.
First, put your little piggies into the finger holes,
bring the ball to your chest and approach the line.
[baby cooing]
Swing back...
and release the baby.
A baby?!
I got you, baby!
Phew!
That was close... Almost a bad one.
Papa.
What do you think you're doing with my little man?
Oh. [chuckles nervously]
This little man? Oh, I was just...
[Cicero laughing]
Oh, hi, Uncle Pinhead.
Cicero, why did you hand me a baby and not a bowling ball?
I'm sorry, Uncle Porky.
How was I supposed to know you can't bowl with babies?
Well, I suppose that it could be an easy beginner's mistake.
Why don't you just get me another ball, hmm?
Sure thing, my dearest uncle.
Kids these days.
[laughs mischievously] Time for some fun.
This ought to  bee  good.
Is this a good ball, Uncle Porky?
Now, watch closely.
Good form starts with a good grip.
Put the fingers in the holes like this.
[yelps]
I didn't know that you could play bee ball too, Uncle P.
[Porky shrieks]
Great work, Uncle Porky. You got a strike!
[upbeat music playing]
My turn.
I gotta pick out a good one like Uncle Porky said.
Where am I?
Ah! A perfect ball.
I sure wish Uncle Porky were here to see me bowl.
[Porky grunting]
Okay.
Fingers in the finger holes, just like Uncle Porky said.
[groaning]
Bring the ball up to your chest,
walk up to the line, swing back and release.
[Porky shrieking]
All right!
Uncle Porky was right. Bowling is fun.
[neighing]
[bell dinging]
Hey, I won.
[man] Congratulations.
You just bowled the highest score ever.
I present to you our esteemed "Bowler of the Year" award.
Wow, this is great!
Thanks, mister.
Look at this trophy I got, Uncle Porky.
And it's all because of you.
Well, gee, that sure is nice.
Why thank you, Cicero.
What an honor.
[exclaims]
No!
Looks like Uncle P won some bumblebees.
-Get away! -[laughing]
[theme music playing]